My message regarding the previous database issues

Hello @Yo Fujiso, I have some points to discuss with you, here are my ideas for the next steps.

Firstly, I suggest creating a new database and filling it very easily using the program I've coded: It takes data from an Excel spreadsheet (educational kit) as input and provides us with the SQL code to add a line to the database automatically. At the moment, I can do this one by one (line) in 30 seconds, but I'm working on making it convert at least 10 lines at a time. I'm almost there.

Because with the current database we have, I think we'll encounter many problems in the future such as:
Filters: They won't work as desired because the data isn't entered correctly.
Booleans but multiple types: TRUE, yes, Oui = problem for the next step (Dart coding requires being as unique as possible (unique type: true & false)
Storing terms in different languages ​​in the database = according to my research: In Dart, as in many other programming languages, it is common to store terms in different languages ​​in resource files rather than in a database. I'm trying to learn more about these resource files but it means it's a mistake to store them in the database. They take up space for nothing because it should be during display that the application systematically changes the term in question from the resource file. Like this, it's just once: child = children so no need for an entire column in the database…
So, I propose that I create another table (song_1) with all the songs. And that the difference with song_1 be:
Bool for variables like children, teen, etc.
Also, bool for song types (medieval, traditional, etc.)
I'll look into it, but for instruments, I think we can also use bool: to be discussed.
Not different columns for languages ​​= not children and child country and country.
For the links, however, I think we'll have to add them manually which don't yet exist in the song table TO BE DISCUSSED
I can finish the new database by the end of this week, if you approve.
And if you say no to creating a new database for one reason or another, I can add the songs that don't exist until tomorrow and correct the song_ids. I found out how to do it 🤓 I await your response.
